You mean Nu Skin enters the neutral group?
You arranged it.
Shen Rong, you dog
Humiliate me over and over again
I won't let you do anything you want
Remembering memories as new
Next life
Of course, my father is an executive at the Neutral Group
Happens to be in charge of personnel
See the introduction of Nu Skin
Of course take good care of it
Thank you Xu Shao for helping to speak
Otherwise
I might not be able to work in a neutral group
Well, it's not like some kind of crap.
Since you can still shamelessly claim credit
As sovereign as the Neutral Group
Will not pay attention
A waste with no identity
Talk nonsense here
If it is not guaranteed, it will also anger the Chongli Group
Do you hear me?
You mud thing that can't hold up the wall
Learn more from such excellent people in the future
Get rid of all your lying habits
If you were half as good as Xu Ming
I can also consider letting you marry Rujin
But don't even think about it now
Hey, Uncle Ji, don't be angry.
Is there someone here?
I was born cheap
This is something that will never change in a lifetime
Are you sure?
It was you who asked Ruxin to work for Neutral Group
It's not him, is it you?
Of course it's me.
I happen to be going to the Neutral Group tomorrow.
Then you will naturally know the truth and falsehood